Call us Amarariruku.
"The ones who dream."
We'll meet again very soon.
[UNILORD] So, Stigma was
building up his own forces
right under our noses.
He said that their name
was "Amarariruku."
Then there's the little girl
we fought.
She was able to control ice,
even though
she wasn't wearing a ring.
[UNILORD] It is possible
that Stigma wanted to test
if those powers would be
effective against heroes.
Why now?
[UNILORD]
If only I had realized
that you were walking
into their trap.
I'm sorry
for endangering your lives.
[SHY]
N-No!
You don't have anything
to apologize for, Unilord!
Huh? Yes?
[LADY BLACK]
This is Lady Black.
I've finished up
Spirit's treatment.
[SHY]
Right! Thanks! I'm on my way!
[UNILORD]
A person who is capable
of wielding powers
without a ring.
I fear that we could be
headed straight for disaster.
Huh?
[SHY]
Pepesha, are you all right?
Hey, Teru!
I'm fine! It's not a big deal.
A little hole in my stomach
can't keep me down.
[giggles]
[SHY] "Little"?
[MIANLONG] "Little"?
[LADY BLACK] You were punctured
through the stomach,
got hypothermia,
and you lost a ton of blood!
You're not "fine".
We've got bigger problems,
though.
Our new enemies can hurt us
even in our Heart-shift forms.
Who do you think they are?
Like, what's their deal?
That girl,
she called me "Pesha"
before she stabbed me with ice.
[SPIRIT]
Only the people closest to me
refer to me as Pesha.
But I don't remember
ever meeting her.
[MIANLONG]
Could that mean--?
[SHY] Could that mean
she knows you, though, Pepesha?
[SPIRIT]
It's definitely possible.
But I have no idea who she is.
Something isn't right.
What's this sinking feeling
I have?
It's as if an old wound
is being opened again.
What's this dread?
[gasps]
[coughs]
[SHY] You should lie down!
Don't push yourself!
[SPIRIT]
No, I'm all right.
More importantly.
That group.
Amarariruku.
From what I could tell,
all of their members
are children.
Yeah. You're right.
[UNILORD]
Children.
Names like Amarariruku
and Weepy,
don't you think
they're pretty childish?
It feels like there's more
to what's happening
that we're not seeing.
[SPIRIT]
What if,
it's all just a game for him?
Stigma could be treating
the world as his plaything.
[UNILORD] It is far too early
to come to that conclusion.
Should we miscalculate
their motives,
it will put us
at a severe disadvantage.
Yeah, you're right.
But Stigma is elusive.
So. we'll always be
one step behind.
What exactly are
we supposed to do?
[UNILORD]
There are options.
We simply need to adopt
a new strategy
to uncover the truth.
[snaps fingers]
Bring her in, please.
"Her" who?
Oh, maybe
there's another hero coming?
[UNILORD]
With her help,
we have hope
of finding answers.
[SHY]
Shrimpy?
-Hey, there!
-What? Koishikawa?
What are you doing here?
Momijiyama! Thank goodness!
I heard your last mission
went badly!
-Are you okay?
-I'm, uh, fine.
Hey Unilord,
is this what
you meant by "hope"?
[UNILORD] Yes,
I summoned her here myself.
But how did you get a hold
of her?
[UNILORD] Oh, I just used
this cheap little cell phone.
[UNILORD] At this point,
she is the only one
to not meet
Stigma's expectations.
Iko is an unknown factor
for both parties,
making her experience
incredibly valuable
in our fight.
There is something important
and somewhat alarming
that I have to
report to you all.
It's regarding the ring
from before.
The one I got?
The ring that put Koishikawa
through so much trouble?
[UNILORD] Indeed, our analysis
has finally yielded results.
And we've uncovered
a number of facts.
[SHRIMPY] You see,
your friend was invited here
so that we could explain
what we've learned
about the ring so far.
[UNILORD]
This frightful little thing,
is actually a fragment
of Stigma's heart
materialized
in crystalline form.
[SHY]
That ring is his heart?
[UNILORD] Every heart beats
with a unique wavelength.
Something you might call
someone's "personality".
Each heart is different.
Once placed onto
his victim's finger.
The ring connects the wearer
to Stigma's heart.
It then changes
the heart's wavelength
to match his own.
It's truly terrifying.
[SHY]
Then.
The reason that Koishikawa
was transformed before?
And the attack that happened
in my country--
[UNILORD]
Yes. It appears that Stigma
has been spreading
pieces of his heart
all across the globe
by way of these rings.
[IKO] Now that you mention it,
that reminds me.
That day,
when Momijiyama saved my life.
I don't remember our fight
very well,
and the whole thing
feels sorta hazy.
But one thing sticks out.
The memory is still clear
in my mind.
When the darkness inside me
was brought to the surface.
My consciousness sank into
the depths of my heart,
like falling into a dark sea.
There was this huge chasm.
No, it'd be better
to call it a wound.
I think it was a wound
within my heart.
Thinking about it now.
The thing I saw deep inside
that tear.
had to have been
Stigma's heart.
Wait! Are you saying
you saw Stigma's heart
while you were
under the ring's control?
Is it really possible?
I'm pretty sure
none of Stigma's other victims
remembered anything
after they were attacked.
[UNILORD] Thus, we were unaware
of the possibility before.
That wearing one of those rings
serves as a link between
the host's heart and Stigma's.
What the heck is Stigma's goal,
anyway?
Is he trying to turn people
into himself or something?
[IKO]
Back when it happened,
and I witnessed Stigma's heart
from my own.
I saw things
from his perspective
and his desires became clear.
It was like a vision
flowing into my mind.
-Huh?
-Tell us what you saw, Iko.
I want to hear everything
there is
to know about his goals.
[IKO] The heart
I saw during that vision,
it was really abstract.
I'm pretty sure
what I saw was earth.
There were
the shadows of people
holding hands in
a ring around the globe.
I think, I saw
Stigma's ideal world.
People hand in hand,
united together,
all fighting for one goal.
What do you mean?
Ah. What exactly
are you getting at, huh?
You're making it sound like--
[IKO]
That's right.
While I don't like
how he's doing it,
he wants world peace.
I believe that to be
Stigma's ultimate goal.
Huh!
That runt's actions
are far from peaceful!
Bring him here! I'll make him
pay for his crimes!
[SHRIMPY]
Calm down.
[UNILORD]
If we could bring him in,
this would be simpler, yes.
[IKO]
Um there's something else.
Back when I saw what was
inside of Stigma's heart.
The impression I got is
that he's extremely childish.
Almost like he's a kid
who's refuses to accept
that he has to grow up.
A child.
[LADY BLACK]
Lemme get this straight.
Some snot-nosed brat
thinks making
a squad of Stigmas
just like him
will lead to world peace.
[IKO]
Yeah, pretty much.
That's all I could feel
from his heart
when he and I were connected
before.
Was that helpful at all?
[UNILORD]
It was more than helpful, Iko.
Seeing even a fragment
of Stigma's vision
was incredibly advantageous
and will help us
read his next move.
I'm so glad.
[SHY]
Um, thank you for your help.
Huh?
It must've been hard
to relive all of that.
[IKO]
No, I'm okay.
I've been wanting to tell you
about it for a while now,
so when Unilord asked
if I'd help, I said yes.
Really?
[IKO] I've been thinking
about it for a bit.
And I wondered
if there was some way
I could help you out.
But I'm just
an ordinary person.
If I were to go into battle
with you,
I would just get in the way.
So, I hope
I was at least a little useful.
You were.
But you shouldn't worry
about that.
[SPIRIT]
Unilord,
there's one more thing
I need to bring up.
The girl from the North Pole,
the one who Stigma
called Tzveta.
I don't know how it's possible,
but she looks a lot like I did
when I was a kid.
[ALL] Huh?
[UNILORD] What do you mean?
I don't know,
but I got this sense of dread
and deja vu from her.
Maybe it's because
she looks like me?
-Oh!
-Pepesha?
[MIANLONG]
Are you all right?
[LADY BLACK]
Easy, now!
A wound that deep
isn't going to heal right away,
even with my powers.
You should go home and rest.
[SPIRIT]
You're right.
[breathing]
I'll do that.
As soon as I recover,
I'll go home to investigate.
I'll find out the truth.
[UNILORD]
Understood.
But please, focus
on your recovery for now.
[MIANLONG]
Will you be okay on your own?
[SPIRIT]
I'm good. Thank you, though.
-[SHY] There you are.
-Huh?
Teru?
Is something wrong?
Where's Iko?
Koishikawa already
headed back home.
I um-- I wanted
to talk to you, Pepesha.
-About what?
-Um,
maybe I misread things,
but you seem sort of depressed.
[SPIRIT]
No, not in the slightest!
I'm as happy as can be!
No?
Honestly,
I don't really understand
what's going on with me,
either.
The North Pole thing
shook me up.
If that girl really
is someone I knew,
she's being used
for someone else's goals.
And I couldn't do anything
to help her.
I feel stuck.
Like, I failed her somehow.
[SHY]
But that's not true!
-Huh!
-This isn't your fault.
Huh? Wait.
Hold on, what are you. doing?
Hey, what in the world's
got you looking so glum,
my Teru chum?
I guess that's my fault, huh?
Sorry.
Man. I could really go
for a drink right now.
But I guess
that'll have to wait
until I'm fully recovered.
Please, just take me seriously!
All I want is
to help you feel better,
because I--
'Cause I care.
[smiling]
Thanks a lot for worrying
so much about me.
But listen, Teru.
I'm gonna give you
some important advice.
When you want to cheer
somebody up,
you've gotta smile
and tell them
it's all gonna be okay.
All right, I'll see you later!
-Pepesha, wait!
-Huh?
[SHY]
You told me to hold on tight
to the lives
I was able to save.
To carry with me
the ones that I couldn't
and keep moving forward.
I'm strong enough now
to carry that responsibility
myself.
It'll be okay.
So, if we carry this together,
we'll definitely be
able to save her!
[SPIRIT]
Teru.
[laughs]
Look at you go, teaching me
my own lesson!
You're the cutest,
you know that?
I had to!
I always try to use
whatever I learn from people!
And I thought
you might need to hear it!
[sighs]
I really did.
I guess I should work
on practicing
what I'm preaching to you,
shouldn't I?
In that case,
can I ask you to carry this
with me,
Shy?
[SHY]
Absolutely, Spirit!
♪
[UNILORD] It appears
they'll be all right.
Huh, guess she's not so weak
after all.
Neither of them are.
[SHY]
Shy.
[evil laughter]
[EVIL PRESIDENT] The world
has no need for revolution!
What it truly requires,
is a ruler
to bring absolute order!
Order of the presidents,
by the presidents,
for the all-powerful presidents
of this world!
It's over for you,
revolutionary fighters!
Stand up!
You can't give up now, girls!
This world belongs to everyone!
Not just you!
Let's end this!
Say your prayers,
Evil President!
I swear I'll stop you!
I'm the blazing soul warrior!
I-I'm, Revozeale!
[GIRL 7C]
It's Zeale.
[GIRL 7A] Hang on.
[GIRL 7B] Is that Shy?
[Shy smiles] Please,
just kill me right now.
[SHY] This whole adventure
happened a few days
after the fight
at the North Pole,
while Pepesha was still
recovering from her wounds.
We got another
stage performance request?
[SHRIMPY]
Yes.
It seems that
after you helped rescue people
from that fire,
your popularity is going up.
Well, can't we just
deny the request?
I hate talking
in front of crowds,
it's so uncomfortable.
[SHRIMPY]
I know it is,
but part of being a hero
is building up your image
and gaining the people's trust.
Now that you're getting
more popular,
we should take advantage
of that.
But, I--!
[SHRIMPY]
If it helps motivate you.
I heard there's
a special reward waiting
if you accept this.
Ah! There's a reward?
[drooling]
[SHY]
No, no, no!
A proper hero wouldn't be
so easily tempted!
But a reward does sound nice.
[SHRIMPY]
Teru?
I guess I should give it a try,
even if I suck at it.
[SHRIMPY]
Great!
Um,what am I wearing?
Wow!
You look too perfect for words!
Rebel! Civil Revolution!
It's a super popular anime
where revolutionary warriors
fight to defeat
the Evil President!
Today is the series'
30th anniversary!
And this is the fiery warrior
who appears
in the latest series.
Revozeale!
She looks exactly like you,
miss Shy!
She's always
full of fiery energy
and loves to stand out!
She's a tomboy
who's crazy strong
and has a ton of friends!
[breathing]
Oh, no. We're total opposites!
If I'm being honest,
I've been following your work
for a while now!
At first, I swore you were
the real life CiviRevo!
[SHY sighs]
[SHY]
That's how I ended up here.
Pretending to be an anime hero
in the middle
of a department store.
What does any of this
have to do
with being a real hero?
[SHRIMPY] It's important
to be popular with the kids.
I'm not the popular one,
Revozeale is.
Huh? Shrimpy?
What're you wearing?
[SHRIMPY]
I'm Revoron! Aren't I cute?
[SHY]
Ah. Sure.
Hey there!
You're doing an awesome job!
Thanks to you, the Zeale Sword
is selling like hot cakes!
Oh, well that's good, I guess.
So, uh-- I'm sorry to ask,
but I was wondering--
Yes?
I have a bad feeling.
[SEKI]
Hello there, everyone!
[GIRLS] Hello!
[GIRL] Hi!
[SHY] Yep. I knew
this was going to happen.
Everyone thinks
that heroes are weird
and that we all want attention,
so they think
they can play dress up with us.
Now then! Do any of you
have any questions
for our lovely Shy?
I know I do!
[SHY] I'm not the one
these kids want to know about.
[GIRLS] Me! Me! Me!
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7A] I do!
All right,
what's your question?
The question
I wanted to ask was.
Um, what--
what kind of food
do you like to eat, Shy?
What a sweet question!
Thanks for asking!
What's your favorite food?
My-My favorite food is.
Well, I think
it might be natto.
[SHY]
Huh? This is surprising.
Does anyone else
have any questions?
Are you also a fan of Civirevo,
Shy?
Well, I--
I liked Solo Civirevo
a few series back,
but I haven't seen
the new show.
Is it really hard to be
a hero, Shy?
Yes, it can be hard,
but it's also really
fulfilling!
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7D]
Do you get to hang out
with all the other heroes?
I wouldn't say that we hang out
or anything,
but I do talk to them
sometimes.
And we even get to go on
missions together.
[SHY]
I wonder,
were people always
this interested in me?
Um, do you think that
even I could become a hero?
You can. I really believe that.
'Cause I mean, even I'm a hero.
-[MALE ZEALE FAN] You're lying!
-Huh?
[GIRL 7D]
Who is that?
Shy's not a hero!
A hero wouldn't lie!
A real hero--
they wouldn't sit up there.
And pretend to be
the blazing soul warrior,
Revozeale!
[SHY]
He has a point!
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7F]
What's your problem?
Just shut up!
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7G]
Why's there a boy
in the Civirevo section anyway?
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7H]
If you don't like it, leave!
[AUDIENCE GIRL 7I]
Go away already!
[GIRLS]
Yeah! Just go away!
[indistinct chatter]
All right, everybody,
enough ruckus.
Let's get back to the show!
[SHY] That boy said,
"Shy's not a hero".
I probably believe that
even more than he does.
[SHY]
Uh, hey, kiddo.
Huh? Ooh!
What-- What the heck
are you doing here?
I wanted to talk to you,
because I wondered
what you meant before
when you said that
I wasn't a real hero.
What're you talking about?
Isn't it obvious?
It's 'cause Revozeale
is the best!
She's the only hero
that I like!
Hmm?
And you've been pretending
to be her all day
so that means
you're nothing but a faker!
Wait.
Do you actually like Zeale?
So what? Are you,
gonna tell me that it's weird
to like Civirevo
because I'm a boy?
What's it matter if I like it?
Jerk!
-A jerk?
-Aah!
Oh! My Revozeale balloon!
Ah!
Ah! Here.
[SHY]
While it's not good to get
too obsessed with something.
Being able to shout to
the world about what you like,
I think that's really amazing!
I admire you!
[MALE ZEALE FAN gasps]
You know what?
If you like something.
I don't think it really matters
what gender you happen to be.
Wait, that sounds familiar!
[MALE ZEALE FAN laughs]
"If you like something,
it doesn't matter
what gender you happen to be."
That's exactly what Zeale said
in episode twenty-five!
You-- you're real, aren't you?
You're the real Revozeale!
What do you mean?
I-I'm not Revozeale! I-I'm Shy!
[MALE ZEALE FAN]
I can't believe Zeale is here!
[SHY]
I'm not Zeale!
[exhales]
I don't know why,
but I'm exhausted.
Hey! Thank you so much
for helping out! For real!
It isn't much, but I've got
a little surprise for you!
[SHY]
Oh, right! My reward!
Aw, thanks!
But you really didn't have to--
I present to you
the entire Civirevo
30th anniversary
special edition
Blu-ray box sets!
Wow.
[SHY]
Thanks a lot.
[REVOZEALE]
Wake up, Revoron!
We can't protect this world
without your help!
We need you! Please!
Revoron? Revoron!
[REVOZEALE] Revoron!
[SHY] Revoron!
Please, don't die on us,
Revoron!
[SHRIMPY] Looks like
you're pretty invested.